So next, here's the Average Dollar Volume feature.
So we've been using the Average Dollar Volume in
the past to use that to choose the stock universe.
So based off of the stocks that have the most dollar volume over a certain time period,
we choose those stock tickers.
We can also use this as a feature that's input into the predictive model.
So the question is,
please use 20 day and 120 day window_lengths for average dollar volume,
and also convert the average dollar volumes into
ranks and convert those ranks into zscores.
So as an example,
we would have AverageDollarVolume.
We set the window_length to something.
We set the mask equal to something.
Remember, there's also a rank and a zscore function.
So we'll stop there. Go ahead and try it out.
Then when you're done,
you can also look at the solution video that's coming up next. Thanks.